that is the rotters from troy masters
video magazine I had the Philadelphia
armed with it convention 2008 and i'm
here with wild imagination and i'm here
with deborah other a little different so
what do y'all have here we have
eventually
this is our world renamed gothic vigil
is only 50
yeah sure she's a resin ball jointed
doll
is extremely poseable you can take her
wig off and you can take the back of her
head up oh my gosh we lost it she lost
your head and your eyes are held in with
putty so you can change your eyes and we
happen to sell that
oh how much you are yes you're like 20
for dollars and evangeline here is 400
at the show
just to say that this is a very high end
this is very high-end very high quality
product line eventually lives in the
Attic with her pet skunk which is
another resin ball jointed little stunt
her outfits totally removable
we're handing out little brats
that's a giveaway with our website
because evangeline collects rocks and
dust
okay we have the coffin carrying case
for Evangeline
she gets quite stuck that's so sup
really done sold separately
and we also have your wizard world it's
close
anybody it's the first time they edition
now will she be coming with any other
costumes also depends on the website
evangeline ghastly calm she has several
wigs she had outfit she had
things like that and we'll be adding to
the product line
now we also you told me that you also be
you're working on getting of Congo's out
correct called the ghastly diaries it's
hoping to launch it in January 2009
and
potential I guess and right now you are
looking at various companies to produce
the tunnel book yeah we're really not
comic book producers so we're looking
for writers and illustrators
well you're here comic-con have you
talked to anybody yet that's the goal
tomorrow block the show and see who's
here so yeah well you know a whole lot
of talent here and everything that's
right here oh you should be applying
somebody
right and all this is available now it's
all available now
Thank You Deborah a wild imagination
wild imagination is filed with me
lodwick fun toy masters video magazine
thank you
you